Hi, so 2016 is finally the year that
Virtual Reality is taking off, and we want to show you how to make real apps
using Unity, even if you don't have any experience. My name is Ben, I'm one of
Udemy's top instructors, and I'm Sam, I'm a software engineer and a university
supervisor. So, why are we the best people to teach you this fascinating content?
So Ben is, as he said, one of the top instructors on Udemy, and he
is the mastermind behind some of the top game development courses.
He has over 100,000 different students, and 7,000
5 star reviews! Thanks very much Sam! And I've chosen to team up
with Sam for this one, because Sam is a double first computer science graduate
from Cambridge University. He really knows his stuff and he is the ideal guy
to make this complex world of VR development really simple for you guys.
So, the general design of the course is that you start off not needing
anything, not even Unity, you're just going to learn C# that's right. From there you're going to go
on to use Unity for the first time, and you won't need any
hardware. Hardware is optional for that section. Then, you go on to only
need a Google Cardboard, which costs you just $20, and throughout
the entire course, having an Oculus Rift is optional! That's correct! So the first
actual learning section, Sam, what's that? So that is a game called Go
Home. You'll be creating this game from scratch, and it will teach you the basics of programming
as well as some basic vector arithmetic, which will be very important
in VR. So that, if you're a complete beginner, will really set you on the right tracks.
Moving on from there, we've got Shoot Hoop. Now, this is where you meet Unity an amazingly
powerful and free game engine, for the first time, and you make a game that is going to be
ideal for Oculus Rift, it's going to allow you to shoot into hoops,
from this rapid like Whack A Mole perspective. It's loads of fun,
It's complete, it's got a menu system, it's got sound effects, and it's a really
cool game! Hardware is completely optional for it! And in section 4
what will they be learning Sam? So that is when we are going to introduce you to the
Mobile forms of VR, with the Google Cardboard SDK and also
the Gear VR, Samsung's introduction to the mobile platforms, and
it's with a game called Squashy Toad, which is a clone
of Crossy Road. Yeah, so there's procedural generation of terrain and all
sorts of stuff in there. And you can take the knowledge you learned about Cardboard development and use it
in the previous section. So, 2016's the year to get ahead
of the game, by learning how to program VR apps, so please join us
on the course now!